[main] Update Unattended ISO Build Instruction (#2780)
microsoft/CBL-Mariner: toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md

## Disks
Disks entry specifies the disk configuration like its size (for virtual disks), partitions and partition table.

## TargetDisk

> Defines the physical disk, to which Mariner should be installed. This entry has to be specified and the Type field needs to be set to "path" if intending to build an unattended ISO.

Reviewer: Recommend rewording for better clarity
```suggestion
Required when building unattended ISO installer. This field defines the physical disk to which Mariner should be installed. The `Type` field must be set to `path` and the `Value` field must be set to the desired target disk path.
```
